[bitnami/minio] adding remark concerning minimum password length (#5145)
bitnami/containers: bitnami/minio/README.md

>
> 1. Please update the **YOUR_APPLICATION_IMAGE_** placeholder in the above snippet with your application image
> 2. In your application container, use the hostname `minio` to connect to the MinIO(R) server. Use the environment variables `MINIO_SERVER_ACCESS_KEY` and `MINIO_SERVER_SECRET_KEY` to configure the credentials to access the MinIO(R) server.

> > 3. Make sure that the environment varialbes `MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD` and `MINIO_SERVER_SECRET_KEY` meet the 8 character minium length requirement enforced by MinIO(R).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3. Make sure that the environment variables `MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD` and `MINIO_SERVER_SECRET_KEY` meet the 8 character minimum length requirement enforced by MinIO(R).
```
